Today I want to show you what
in my school bag is in my school bag
so i never had what's in my
done back and school year to be with
new again started so it seemed fun to me
to show you what's in mine
school bag is sitting I also have two others
To name school bag I alternate
so only 3 school bags you leave me too
see you soon
i got this from the primark this is danny
or you say and yes I use it too
very often
and then I have this bag from the
free market and if i less books
got that his hand as a process
used or especially a lot of dating and yes me
do n't go lensing today what's in it
well you see a box before and and the
big box
I'll just start with something in the box
in front
first I come across a part this is too
that your finish did edge and real
my favorite part has been using for a long time
which I find really super delicious smell
so yes then I have my wallet
with it
this is not known by a ferret
Brand
And now I just have school plasmids
Map
mambo lock money and the gate in white then
my phone
I can't do without my phone alone
because I have my phone there
from my yesterday
there I could view my schedule
and my homework and stuff
and anyway if I receive a call once
It is handy to always have my phone
to have with me
because then I have my graphic
calculator not always with me alone
if i have math through this badboy you
is also a brush bag my
you never know when you'll be in handy
you can come up with just such a bike and
year again created beautiful burdock
always high to have brush like
last I have a bag in my
feeding bowl
and all of them are small ones
things that I don't want them to release
I have it in my bag
at first a pack of gum bits
of stimorol
steam modal twyst.nl fine cotton baby
lips this is just the role for you
nice the lip balm
ears that I just come to the iPhone
and you can put in a donut so you can
wrap it around and they won't go in
This is really super handy and
the strings of pdj pieces
slide pin and of course what each
girl needs laundry
top us yes we are all girls
and yes 100 you that was what was in it for
pack yourself now the big box or hippest
seeing my pouch so quickly shows what's up
in sitting and ethics of the previous prix
year
well here is my calculator
you too and tippex that makes a lot
valances but I also want that neat
keep things
per with marker one black pen one
pencil a red blue ballpoint pens and
a lot of
and sharpener grants wishes
washi tape and this entire church
highlighter and all colors
wooden marking of my lunchbox
at our school have a lot
people bring a lunchbox
almost all my girlfriends too so yes there
are to be the ruler of that
culture it is marx big that it is not
cool or
would be needed if you have a lunch box
but yes I just really like it
handy to then my bread becomes normal
not crushed
So yes I take product to bring this
tires tupperware and often i just
smart afternoon sandwich or I make
blasting with couscous
bottle of water good to drink a lot
so yes I also brought that and me
forget the wish to drink
mother was really really used to it
in the pan also really drink often then come
I at home and they filled it a whole bottle
that's no good so it's good to have a lot
to drink water
dance bottle are empty and come again
so yes fill bottle of water whole
important than the booklet it is one
planning cookie my step use it
previous notebook of my whole
mindset group and has sounds and
use two of the pages for the
all week and here just make mine
weekly schedule in here you see it here
I already did it
yes light and I am planning one here
transfer video
or how I am and maybe that will come
online next week
it is drunk or had laurel laurie
asked her so yes I certainly will
record and the back is a box
and it brings my plans because often
you just get i just get my
lessons and planning from teacher and those
range can be there in my agenda
Indispensable this from Hema and I have one
slightly tinted with washi tape and yes me
just could not do without a stomach and let you
just have to come
thanks also to boring part and that are
my schoolbooks
Yes
I will unpack one this is it
I have a book of books with one
café peerje van de hema and with stamps
set my name up and also here so that I
can clearly see which box in my locker
it is
I have a script here two ways
pinned
made with colas for computer and
you printed on photo paper and then
The glittering surface is nice you still
targeted and still these books with cat
paper of song then we come to it
latest news and that's it me
him transparent folder of the action and
in this I do all the stencils
booklets that gets from teacher and deep
to create jokes everything is just
bundled together and I take this too
always with you every day so yes this works
very handy for me the bag is empty
yes that was actually the end of this
video I hope you liked it
to see what is cool in my school
with black satchel sitting and late
responses behind what for you and you
school bag is that you find handy to go with
to take to school what kind of school bag
you have and yes thanks for watching
until the next time